{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102{\fonttbl\f0\fnil Arial;\f1\fnil CourierNew;}
\paperw11440\paperh8400\hyphauto1\hyphfactor0\f0\fs24\pard\tx0\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\ql \uc0 \par
\fs36 \uc0 DataBuilder app README\fs24 \uc0 \par
\par
This application is the graphical frontend to building data models for the GNUstep Core Data framework in a simple click\rquote n\rquote click fashion. It resembles, to some degree, the data modelling tool of Apple\rquote s Xcode IDE, but does not mimic it\rquote s behavior. Rather it tries to follow the good old OpenStep fashion of using separate apps for separate purposes (that\rquote s why it\rquote s not included as part of some IDE, but is instead a stand-alone app).\par
\par
\par
\fs36 \uc0 INSTALLATION\fs24 \uc0 \par
\par
You must install the GNUstep Core Data framework (\f1\ul \uc0 http://gscoredata.nongnu.org\ulnone\f0 \uc0 ) and all it\rquote s associated dependencies first in order to compile and use DataBuilder. After that it should be as simple as:\par
\par
\f1 \uc0 $ make\f0 \uc0 \par
\f1 \uc0 $ make install\tab \tab \f0 \uc0 <- may require superuser priviledges\par
\par
\par
\fs36 \uc0 AUTHORS\fs24 \uc0 \par
\par
Sa\u353 o Kiselkov <diablos@manga.sk>\par
\par
\par
\fs36 \uc0 LICENSE\fs24 \uc0 \par
\par
This application is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 or any later. For the text of the license, see the file COPYING included in this distribution package.\par
\par
The acompanying documentation (both separate files and doxygen documentation in the source) are released under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License (FDL) v1.2 or any later. For the text of the license, see the file COPYING.fdl included in this distribution package.\par
}